Offer of Employment


Dear: Shankar Giri                                                        Date: 20th-Jan-2026

Ref: CREDHAS TECHNOLOGY PRIVATE LIMITED                Offer ID: 202610031

We are pleased to appoint you as Field Collection Executive  with our Client CREDHAS TECHNOLOGY PRIVATE LIMITED located at our client project site at Deoria, on a fixed Term Basis. You are required to complete all joining formalities within 10 days from the date of joining.
In addition to this: 
1.Your assignment with the Company will be effective from the date of the 20-Jan-2026. Your engagement will be governed as per clauses mentioned in this letter and the attached Letter of Engagement.
2. Your CTC Details would be:
Components
	Monthly (INR)
	Annually (INR)
	Basic Salary
	10000
	120000
	House Rent Allowance
	3409
	40908
	Bonus Amount
	1100
	13200
	Gross Total Earnings (A)
	14509
	174108
	Employee PF
	1200
	14400
	Employee ESI
	75
	900
	Professional Tax
	200
	2400
	Employee LWF
	34
	408
	Mediclaim Deduction
	0
	0
	Total Deductions (B)
	1509
	18108
	Net Salary (A-B)
	13000
	156000
	Variable Incentive
	0
	0
	Employer PF
	1200
	14400
	PF Admin Charge
	55
	660
	PF EDLI Charge
	55
	660
	Employer ESI
	472
	5658.51
	Employer LWF
	68
	816
	Total Benefits (C)
	1850
	22195
	Total Cost to Company (A+C)
	16359
	196303
	Components
	Monthly (INR)
	Annually (INR)
	

Note: 3000 Rs is Travel Allowance


Your salary is payable only through electronic payment mode such as EFT/NEFT/RTGS/ECS or account payable cheque for which you have to provide relevant information at the time of Joining. A one-month grace period shall be provided to you on reasonable ground.

3. In addition to the Monthly Salary, you will not be entitled to any other perquisites/ allowances unless given to you in writing. Your coverage under ESIC scheme, Provident Fund scheme, and Bonus Act where applicable will be as per the government regulations. Salary would be receivable on or before 10th of the subsequent month, subject to receipt of corresponding payments from our Client where you will be deployed. Any discrepancy in the salary received needs to be reported to our nearest branch within 7 days of receipt of salary after which, it will be considered as correct and further claims will not be entertained. Gratuity will be payable as per Payment of gratuity Act, 1972. TDS will be deducted at Higher rate as per Income Tax Act, in case PAN number along with proof is not provided to nearest JobsMato Branch within 7 days of joining. Any unclaimed salary within 3 years from when it is due, will be paid to the Labour Welfare Fund as per Labour Welfare Fund Act. You will be entitled to leave as per the practice followed by the client.

4. If your coverage under ESIC scheme is subject to adherence to rules & regulation of it. It is mandatory for you to submit Aadhar Card (UID) including your family within one month from the date of issuance of ESIC number, if you fail to submit the Aadhar Card (UID) within stipulated period in that case you will not be eligible to take benefits of ESIC coverage and in that Circumstances Company shall not be held responsible. Quantumhues Tech Private Limited shall comply with all statutory obligations under the Employees’ State Insurance Act, 1948 and Employees’ Provident Funds & Miscellaneous Provisions Act, 1952, as applicable.

5. If you are eligible under the Provident Fund scheme subject to adherence of rules & regulation of it. It is also mandatory for you to submit an Aadhar Card (UID), PAN Card & Bank A/c. No. with IFSC Code (collectively referred as ‘KYC’) within one month from your date of joining, if you fail to submit the KYC within stipulated period in that case as per PF norms you will not able to withdraw or transfer or to take any benefits of PF and in that circumstances company shall not be held responsible or liable. 

6. Since our Client undertakes contract projects, you may be required to work at different project sites and are likely to be deputed in any establishment within the city or outside the city including outside the State for the purpose of discharging your duties as and when the situation demands, at the said working hours. 

7. You will act within the framework of organizational structure and policies and directions as may be laid down by the management from time to time. During the tenure of your
employment with us, you will not undertake any other employment or business activities, work or public office of payment or otherwise except with the written permission of the Management. If you are found involved in any act which in the opinion of the Company is detrimental to the interest of their business interest, Management shall be at liberty to 


dispense with your services immediately and without any notice or compensation. At all times during the tenure of this Contract of employment you will be bound by any Rules & Regulations enforced by the management from time to time in relation to the conduct, discipline, leave, holidays or any other matters relating to service conditions.

8. Either party can terminate the employment during the existence of an Appointment Letter, as per the terms laid out in the Letter of Engagement. You shall at no point of time stake any claim or right to claim employment, damage, loss or compensation of any sort whatsoever against our clients. Your continuance in employment is subject to your remaining physically 
and mentally fit. As and when required, the Management may require you to submit yourself to medical examination by a physician of the choice of the management.

9. This letter is being sent to you in duplicate, please return two copies of the same, duly signed as the token of acceptance of this Contract of employment with the above terms and conditions. 







Warm Regards
For Quantumhues Tech Private Limited          I have received the Work Assignment Letter                                                        and agree to the terms and conditions. 

  

Authorised Signatury                                                  Mr. Shankar Giri






































Letter of Engagement with our Clients/Business Partners


Dear Mr. Shankar Giri,                                                         20-Jan-2026 

1. QUANTUMHUES TECH PRIVATE LIMITED (operating under the brand name “JobsMato”) is involved in the business of providing services to manage key business processes of our Clients/ Business Partners. Based on your interaction with us, we wish to confirm your registration with us for the purpose of selection to perform any service ("Work Assignment":) that may be required by our Clients/ Business Partners ("Customer").

2. It is understood that mere registration with QUANTUMHUES TECH PRIVATE LIMITED does not guarantee you any Work Assignment and is subject to selection by QUANTUMHUES TECH PRIVATE LIMITED and/or its Customers. QUANTUMHUES TECH PRIVATE LIMITED may offer to engage you to perform specific Work Assignments from time to time for any of its Customers at a specified location and you may choose to accept such offer at your discretion.


3. The terms of this letter ("Engagement Letter") shall govern your relationship with QUANTUMHUES TECH PRIVATE LIMITED now and in the future. Each Work Assignment will be governed by the terms of this letter and the specific Work Assignment Letter. In the event of any inconsistency, the terms of the relevant Work Assignment Letter shall govern.


4. Execution of any Work Assignment Letter by you shall be a full and complete acceptance by you to perform the services. Upon acceptance, you shall;
I. fully perform the services, in a professional manner, at the Customer's location till the completion of the term of the Work Assignment;
II. during the term of the Work Assignment, render services exclusively to the Customer and such performance shall not be inconsistent with any obligation you may have to other third parties;
III. not engage in any conduct detrimental to the interests of the Customer or QUANTUMHUES TECH PRIVATE LIMITED;
IV. not receive any payments of any nature directly from the Customer unless agreed to by QUANTUMHUES TECH PRIVATE LIMITED;
V. not, either directly or indirectly, offer yourself for employment with the Customer, its agencies or its affiliates during the period of the Work Assignment without the prior permission of QUANTUMHUES TECH PRIVATE LIMITED;
VI. comply with the safety, health, environment and other rules and regulations of the Customer provided that you have been made aware of the same;
VII. report and be present at the Customer's designated location during the working hours mentioned in the applicable Work Assignment Letter;
VIII. extend all co-operation to the Customer's employees, consultants, representatives, etc., and do all such things as may be necessary and comply with all terms of the applicable Work Assignment Letter so as to effectively undertake the Work Assignment.


5. At the end of each Record Period, as mentioned in the Work Assignment Letter, or at the completion of the Work Assignment, whichever is applicable, you will deliver to the Customer, a Time Sheet (or any other format/register as required by the Customer) containing the number of hours worked in any given day at the Customer's location and such other details as may be prescribed by QUANTUMHUES TECH PRIVATE LIMITED and produce the same to QUANTUMHUES TECH PRIVATE LIMITED upon request.


6. As consideration for the services performed during any Work Assignment, QUANTUMHUES TECH PRIVATE LIMITED will pay you remuneration, as per the Work Assignment Letter. QUANTUMHUES TECH PRIVATE LIMITED will be entitled to make deductions as per applicable law or in respect of any amounts due to QUANTUMHUES TECH PRIVATE LIMITED or the Customer from you. You will be reimbursed any approved expenses subject to your submitting original bills/declarations as required by QUANTUMHUES TECH PRIVATE LIMITED and/or the Customer.


7. Any intellectual property that results from work performed by the Individual under any Work Assignment Letter shall be the property of the Customer and the Individual agrees to assign/transfer to the Customer, the worldwide, perpetual and entire right, title, and interest in all intellectual properties including all rights to obtain, register, perfect, and enforce patents, copyrights, and other intellectual property protection under any laws and conventions.


8. All proprietary information/material of the Customer that is made known to you during the term of the Work Assignment shall be received in confidence and you shall not disclose or, except in performing the services, use any such proprietary information/material. You agree that all information, correspondence, documents, materials or items provided to you by the Customer or QUANTUMHUES TECH PRIVATE LIMITED are provided to you in trust and on lapse/termination of the Work Assignment, you shall promptly return all such material to the Customer or QUANTUMHUES TECH PRIVATE LIMITED, as the case may be.


9. You agree that this Letter of Engagement creates no obligation on the part of either party unless you are selected for a particular Work Assignment and you execute the relevant Work Assignment. By executing this Letter of Engagement, neither do we offer you employment with QUANTUMHUES TECH PRIVATE LIMITED nor do you become an employee of QUANTUMHUES TECH PRIVATE LIMITED. The terms of this Letter of Engagement shall however govern any Work Assignments that you undertake to perform.


10. Should you be selected to perform the Work Assignment, the nature of your relationship with QUANTUMHUES TECH PRIVATE LIMITED will be that of Employment/Contract of Service for a period mentioned in the Work Assignment Letter. Upon lapse or termination of the Work Assignment, your employment with QUANTUMHUES TECH PRIVATE LIMITED shall stand terminated forthwith.

11. Except for lapse of a Work Assignment due to completion, if either Party wishes to terminate the Work Assignment during its existence, the terminating Party shall provide a notice of 30 days to the other Party for Work Assignments of duration 6 months or more. However, in case of Work Assignments of duration under six months duration, a notice period of Fourteen Days is required. In case you fail to give the above notice, the salary in lieu of notice will be recovered from you.


12. In case there is no Work Assignment subsisting, either party may terminate this Letter of Engagement forthwith by sending notice in writing. If a Work Assignment is subsisting, this Letter of Engagement can be terminated only co-terminus with the relevant Work Assignment as per the notice period required for termination of the Work Assignment as above.


13. Termination of this Letter of Engagement shall not affect the obligations of the parties that have been incurred prior to termination and QUANTUMHUES TECH PRIVATE LIMITED will promptly settle all your dues after making applicable deductions. Further, obligations relating to confidentiality and intellectual property shall continue after termination/expiry of this Letter of Engagement or the Work Assignment.


14. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold QUANTUMHUES TECH PRIVATE LIMITED or the Customer harmless from any and all claims, damages, liability, attorneys' fees and expenses on account of your failure to satisfy any of your obligations under this Letter of Engagement or under the Work Assignment Letter or for misconduct, violation of any law or creation of any legal liability by you.


15. Any dispute between the Individual and QUANTUMHUES TECH PRIVATE LIMITED shall be referred to a sole arbitrator to be selected from a list of arbitrators nominated by QUANTUMHUES TECH PRIVATE LIMITED. The arbitration shall be conducted in English language, in accordance with the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996, at Mumbai, India. This engagement letter shall be governed in all respects by the laws of India.


16. In addition to the terms contained herein, your relationship with QUANTUMHUES TECH PRIVATE LIMITED may be subject to such other additional terms and conditions as may be communicated to you from time to time in writing by QUANTUMHUES TECH PRIVATE LIMITED.


We request you to please sign a duplicate copy of this letter and return the same to us, indicating your acceptance of the terms mentioned herein. By signing this letter, you confirm that you have read, fully understood and accepted the terms of this letter.

Warm Regards
For Quantumhues Tech Private Limited          I have received the Work Assignment Letter                                                        and agree to the terms and conditions. 

  

Authorised Signatury                                                 Mr. Shankar Giri